hey guys my name is Tony and today I
made another video you might enjoy if
you do smeg like button in the face
alright guys what's up my name is Tony
and welcome to infiltrating the airship
which is the 4th and final installment
in the henry stickmin saga and I said
stickmen because that's his last name
but he is a stickman and let's do this
so this is going to be awesome this is
the fourth one show so you should be
really badass well let's see the story
finally decided we good you've been
quite elusive but your skills speaking
with the catch why am I on an airship
Jan we've mended some issues with the
group of thieves known as the top ad
clan we know they're guilty
you just can't pin into any crimes
you'll be going into the airship to
bring down let's do this that we've got
you on several charges 10 robbery
breaking yourself out of prison
you can even steal in Tunisian diamond
we've got quite a lot of counseling you
this Jeff I totally saw the diamond
again we gotta be elephant reading the
airship so we can get out of this motor
stuff yes is it to you find a way to
bring him down
mm-hmm oh man hey you want me to bring
you in okay uh so we can choose how we
gonna get in hmm grapple gun earpiece
cannonball oh my god we have to what
about the sticky now too sticky head
sounds awesome
let's do the sticky hand it's probably
gonna not work it out it works what
probably all of them work oh whatever
ah zero-point energy or a ball and chain
bhante sounds awesome let's do this so
we need to infiltrate it dance hey did
you hear something over there oh I don't
think that was supposed to happen was it
oh he doesn't have
you want me I did Oh
Iran's go with a zero point energy and
see what happens alright this is every
thought we gonna go to cannon ball and
just go all guns-a-blazing and the top
hat gang is going down look at the
Cheney ass all loud is too awesome
come on lad let's do this you want mate
you what I have a laser a chair in a
thruster what I'll go with a laser laser
shouts - OH
don't break your way oh ok this guy is
very bad at physics alright I think the
most unlogical thing would be the chair
so therefore the chairs probably gonna
cut it so let's get a shot into it or
not
Oh what I love break your way yeah I
knew it I knew it it the most illogical
thing with work just as how the henry
stickmin saga rolls
Oh
spikes hey check check quick today did
it make it oh I totally did it
ok so what do we need to steal again oh
man come on run right Henry run Henry
you can do this metal fist and I did
come on Henry
use the metal fist you can do it any way
Henry wonder the work is gonna work I
love the metal fist not work god dammit
I don't even know what the other two
options are but let's just click it
randomly and hopefully it works I don't
like these timed events beats beat the
beat how are beads gonna work well so
random what the Freak
do I need to buzz this guy out metal Ben
deck the thruster rocky jump or a medal
let us try the rocket jump I mean it's
probably not gonna work but let's go
ahead you know it works
oh wow it actually worked who is this
guy
red beard red beard you are going down
with my awesome yo-yo skills of doom the
right hand man attacked again what I
need to do it out what the hell is this
I only want this shit let's go with good
say look I defeated here whoa we did it
I defeated him Henry gained in 2266
points hell yeah I'm the yo-yo master
obviously a glider I mean come on
a glove really oh you did it yeah buddy
I played so much park right I knew this
is gonna work oh yeah
how am I gonna get past these two guys
oh no I actually got faster easily okay
what is this I need your chain choke it
to that come on Henry choke her to death
right now
feeds my right-hand man I surrender the
airship to you I did it guys i
infiltrated the airship at he has two
hats for some reason the two head again
okay what do you tip it out oh my oh man
this really gonna be the last one so we
need to be careful with with our choices
we could go for the dummy's depression
to tank or the mesial I don't think the
tank is gonna work but I'm gonna try it
anyway just because it's a tank man haha
no no no what
why why did he would think this was okay
they actually worked what I did not
expect this to work
I got it I've got a free stickman would
I get official paradin this document is
certified in henry stickmin has been
paired in for for all the stuff he's
done stealing the diamond escaping a
prison break you to a bank he did it all
and now he is about to hunter in a dank
it doesn't get cooler than that thanks
for watching
I feed it my way you can meet it your
way you should totally play this game
I'll link is in the description if you
played any way you want it has so many
endings so give it a shot thank you so
much for watching this video guys I
appreciate all of you for watching the
videos and I'll see you all the next
video peace out it is 30 you know talk
to you soon
bye-bye